Gracie Barra Chorley has the accolade of being a certified Premium Gracie Barra School 
offering a wide range of Brazilian jiu-jitsu programmes, kids from age 5 upwards, 
beginners and then advanced training.  Private lessons with qualified black belts are available
 to help you expand your grappling knowledge.

Gracie Barra Chorley Brazilian jiu-jitsu academy has over 120m² of quality mat space, 
changing rooms, a well stocked shop, separated viewing area and coffee machine.  

Gracie Barra Chorley has an enviable reputation for having some of the best BJJ 
coaches who are well trained and highly skilled in teaching kids and adults, 
ensuring that you make the fastest progress to learn this wonderful sport.

Established in 2017 by multiple championship medalling black belt Matthew ‘Stalone’ Callaghan. 
Gracie Barra Chorley has a fantastic location served by being directly opposite a large free public car park, 
next to the train station and very close to the M61 motorway junction. Gracie Barra Chorley offers 
classes for children 5 years old and up all the way through to adults beginner classes and competitive 
training for those who want it.

At Gracie Barra, our students become leaders. Gracie Barra nurtures your independent thinking, 
supports your fighting spirit, and helps you achieve your personal BJJ goals. 
Through GB BJJ, you will begin to understand yourself, on and off the mats, 
in ways you never imagined. You will test your limits and become the best you can be.
GB respects that each student has their own goals and we will support you in reaching them.

The more you train, the better you will become and the more completely you will reach your true potential in life. 
GB BJJ is for anyone who wants to learn how to defend him or herself in combat.
What most people don’t know, is that GB BJJ will also allow you to 
apply those same principles to fighting the daily battles of life, 
like weight loss, stress, relationship issues, and self-confidence. 
You will learn how to think through problems more constructively than before, on and off the mats.